
Mike Tkachuk
Student University Of Toronto 

Toronto, Ontario M8W3P4
Phone: (647) 410-5436
E-Mail: tkachuk2314@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Solution-driven Junior Web Developer adept at contributing to highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions and determining customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused websites using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Built products for desktop and mobile app users, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices and speed. Designed and developed web applications across multiple APIs, third-party integrations and databases.

Skills

CSS  

Bootstrap  

Materialize  

Javascript  

Jquery  

Excellent organizational skills with ability to work well under pressure.  

SQL  

Mongo DB  

Work History

November 2018 to Current
EllisDon / Oxford  Toronto, Ontario
Shop Lead / Material Handler Team Lead    

Coordinated daily work strategies to properly move and ship materials to construction sites around the GTA.
Evaluated suppliers by assessing quality, timeliness and compliance of deliveries to maintain tight cost controls and maximize business operational efficiency.
Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes, employee knowledge and customer demands.
Cross-trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance.

October 2017 to Current
Green Clean Mobile Wash 
Pressure Washer/ Team Lead/Contractor    

Operating machinery and leading small detailing teams towards job completion.
Identifying clients' needs, relaying job parameters to management for pricing and
ensuring that those parameters are fulfilled to the clients' satisfaction.
Training new hires as detailers, training experienced detailers as machinery
operators/team leads.
Documenting job completion, before/ after proofs and generating invoices.
Maintaining team morale and work quality throughout 10-12 hour shifts as head authority
on the job site.

January 2015 to June 2016
Pro-Clean Mobile Wash 
Business Developer/Project Manager    

Prioritizing and allocating resources based on timing, and project requirements.
Identifying process and workflow issues, and adjusting workloads and schedules as
necessary based on the team's overall priorities.
Maintaining high level of client satisfaction with regularly scheduled calls and in person
interactions specifically for larger clients, e.g., GIGG Express, Pride Group
Transport/Sales, Day & Ross and others.
Developing new projects to achieve financial growth and stability for the company, e.g.,
Toronto Car Show, Niagara Car Show, Via Rail, Target Corp, Co-op Housing and more.

June 2014 to January 2015
GAV 
Business Developer/Administrator    

Networking with potential clients and maintaining good relations with current clients
such as Loblaw's and Wal-Mart.
Studying the market and company's competitors and working on solutions/services the
company can provide.
Generating timely invoices, resolving any issues and following up on unpaid accounts.
Managing Human Resources department and responsible for hiring new staff.
Managing Cash Flow, Pay Rolls and generating timely invoices with respect to the
services provided.

Education

University Of Toronto (Bootcamp) Toronto
Certificate Web Development / Full Stack 

Javascript, Jquery, React, Node.js,
Api, SQL, MongoDB
CSS, Bootstrap, Materialize

Humber College 
Electro-Mechanical Engineering Robotics and Automation 

Develop and design control schematics and their specifications according to the
necessary process.
Author, write, program automation logic to control equipment, machines, and the flow of
information
Worked and successfully completed multiple small projects and designs as required by
instructors.

St. Paul Secondary School 

